I was a bully. I used to steal from others and I was very, very angry. Inside I had feelings
of taking revenge. I wanted revenge. I spent my childhood in a small city of India. My family
was very poor. My parents both had the habit of drinking. Often they had fights at home.
My father would beat my mother with wood and sometimes he would beat us too.
So me and my siblings we would run and hide to the outside toilets and we would wait there
until the shouting and fighting would stop. One day I saw my father he was full drunk.
I was very small. Maybe six years old and I was playing near the house. My uncle came to the house
screaming at my father. I ran to see what was happening but there was nothing I could do.
When in front of my own eyes my father was murdered. Later I was taken away from my mother to work
as a servant. They treated me terribly. With punches and kicks they even strangled me once.
I missed my mother. I felt so alone. My mother was suffering from cancer. I asked them many times
that I want to go and see my mother but they wouldn't let me go. I started crying. I said I want to go
home but they said going now will be of no use because your mother has already been dead for four days.
I cried a lot. I could not see my mother one last time. All of this made me feel so angry inside.
I was always fighting, bullying and stealing. Eventually I was thrown out of the house.
This time a relative took me in. I noticed her daughter would go somewhere every Sunday and
this made me very curious. So I asked her where she would go and she said to Bible meetings.
Her daughter also told me that a couple would come every Friday to study the Bible with her.
She invited me to join her if I wanted. So I decided to sit in on her study. I was impressed
with a brother studying with her. They were so kind. They cared a lot and showed love.
That was not seen in churches. On one occasion I found myself running again.
But this time I was running to the kingdom hall to see my new family. It was about 10 km away
but I had no money to go by vehicle. So instead I went by foot but every step was worth it because
at meeting I really felt Jehovah's love through the brothers and sisters. As my study slowly
progressed I began to realize I'm not an orphan. Jehovah is with me. He is my father. Eventually
I was able to throw all my burdens on my father Jehovah and I started to have peace of mind.
So I dedicated my life to Jehovah. On December 26, 1998 I was baptized. After my baptism I wanted to
give Jehovah my best. Today me and my wife Julian we are so happy to be in full time service together.
And thanks to Jehovah we have enjoyed a variety of assignments as a couple. My past cannot be raised
neither can I stop these memories from coming into my mind. But Jehovah has completely changed my life.
I no longer feel anger or the need for revenge anymore. So there is no need to feel orphaned.
Give yourselves completely to the hands of Jehovah. He's your father. He will take care of you. He will
never leave you.